feat: add prismic provider (#269)
nuxt/image: docs/content/en/4.providers/prismic.md

---
menuTitle: Prismic
title: Prismic Provider
description: 'Nuxt Image has first class integration with Prismic'
category: Providers
---

Integration between [Prismic](https://prismic.io/docs) and the image module.

> To use this provider you just need to specify an empty object at `prismic` key in Nuxt Image options object.

Reviewer: Something along the lines of:
```suggestion
No specific configuration is required for Prismic support. You just need to specify `provider: 'prismic'` in your configuration to make it the default, or pass it directly when you need it, for example:
```html
<nuxt-img provider="prismic" src="..." />
